Update sentry node docs (#564)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain-guides-how-to-setup-sentry-node.md

In case you want to update `wg0.conf`, run `wg-quick down wg0` to stop the interface first.

### 5. Configuring your Sentry Node and Validator

After you have started the `wg0` interface on your public node and validator, do spend a little bit
of time to take a look at the following description of those flags you are going to use.

`--sentry <VALIDATOR_MULTIADDR>` - This would be required for your public node to be an authority as

> an observer. That means it acts the same as a validator node but without holding keys / signing. And

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an observer. That means it acts the same as a validator node but without holding keys or signing.
```

> the difference between running a full node versus adding an extra `--sentry` flag is that a full

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference between running a full node versus adding an extra `--sentry` flag is that a full
```

`multiaddr` of it's sentry node(s), and a sentry node will specify the `multiaddr` of it's validator
node(s).

##### Multiaddr

`multiaddr` - A `multiaddr` is a flexible encoding of multiple layers of protocols into a human
readable addressing scheme. For example, `/ip4/127.0.0.1/udp/1234` is a valid `multiaddr` that
specifies you want to reach the 127.0.0.1 IPv4 loopback address with UDP packets on port 1234.
Addresses in Substrate based chains will often take the form:

```
/ip4/<IP ADDRESS>/tcp/<P2P PORT>/p2p/<PEER IDENTITY>
```

- `IP_ADDRESS` - Unless the node is public, this will often be the ip address of the node within the
  private network.

- `P2P_PORT` - This is the port that nodes will send p2p messages over. By default, this will be
  30333, but can be explicitly specified using the `--port <P2P_PORT>` cli flag.

- `PEER IDENTITY` - The PeerId is a unique identifier for each peer.

##### PeerId

Each peer in the network will have a private (secret) key (not to be confused with account keys or
session keys) that will be used for network messaging. The secret key will have a corresponding

> public key, as well as a public address (`PeerId`) derived from this private key. `PeerId`'s are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public key, as well as a public address (`PeerId`) derived from this private key. `PeerId` is
```

derived from the secret key that is stored in the following directory by default:

```
/home/$USER/.local/share/polkadot/chains/<CHAIN>/network/secret_ed25519
```

Where `<CHAIN>` will be either `polkadot` for Polkadot, `ksmcc3` for Kusama, or `westend2` for
Westend.

If the `secret_ed25519` file does not exist by the time the node is running (or is not otherwise
specified), a new `secret_ed25519` will be created and used to derive a new `PeerId`.

If you want to explicitly specify the secret key to use, you can do so with the
`--node-key-file <KEY_FILE>` flag, where `KEY_FILE` is the path of a file containing an unencoded 32
byte Ed25519 secret key, or the `--node-key <KEY>` flag, where `KEY` is a hex-encoded 32 byte secret
key. If explicitly specifying a secret key, it is recommended to specify it as a file.

> Note: It is useful to generate or back up the `secret_ed25519` files if you want to use static
> addresses for sentry configurations. Otherwise you may have to dynamically find and set

> > `PeerId`'s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> the `PeerId`.
```

prefer not using the apostrophe "s" on code tags
